doc: Add the guide for integrating with IFTTT (#3092)
TheThingsNetwork/lorawan-stack: doc/content/integrations/ifttt/node-red-setup/_index.md

---
title: "Node-RED Setup"
description: ""
weight: 2
---

> This section shows how to create a flow that will act like a mediator between {{% tts %}} and IFTTT. This flow will receive JSON messages from {{% tts %}} via Webhooks integration, extract the decoded payload and send it as a payload of a separate HTTP POST request to IFTTT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section shows how to create a flow that will act like a mediator between {{% tts %}} and IFTTT. This flow will receive JSON messages from {{% tts %}} via the Webhooks integration, extract the decoded payload and send it as a payload of a separate HTTP POST request to IFTTT.
```

<!--more-->

Run Node-RED and open a new flow by clicking the **+** button in the upper right.

Place the **http in** node on the dashboard and double-click on it to configure it.

Select **POST** as a **Method**.

> In the **URL** field enter the arbitrary path name, eg. `join` if you are enabling the integration for the `Join accept` messages. Keep in mind that this path name also needs to be used when creating a Webhook on {{% tts %}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the **URL** field enter the arbitrary path name, e.g. `join` if you are enabling the integration for the `Join accept` messages. Keep in mind that this path name also needs to be used when creating a Webhook on {{% tts %}}.
```

> In the **URL** field enter the arbitrary path name, eg. `join` if you are enabling the integration for the `Join accept` messages. Keep in mind that this path name also needs to be used when creating a Webhook on {{% tts %}}.

Reviewer: Please be consistent (I'm fine with any, as long as we're consistent)
 
join request / Join request / Join Request
join accept / Join accept / Join Accept
